Hi there how's it going.
Continuing our lesson on the TGM plugging activation in this lesson.
You're going to finish out the library configuration and learn how to request the installation of plugins
that we are using in our theme.
So continuing where we left off let's go back to the required plugins that PSP file and clean up the
File a bit.
Let's get rid of this bunch of comments and other snippets of code that don't interest.
At the moment but if you take a close look.
In fact this whole code is very interesting.
The amount of code here also shows that there are several usage scenarios for the TGM that if you focus
on explaining everything here we will never reach our goal so let's just stick with the essential if
you wish.
You can go ahead and download the file and study it more carefully.
OK.
What interests us here is inside this function that ends with Register required plugins.
Given this variable called plugins we have this main array and other arrays inside this main one.
This version of the library brings five arrays.
Each one of them is for a given user age.
They have a usage example for when you have plugins bundled with a theme.
I mean when we want to include the plug in files Viniar thing and many other examples we're going to
use this for example here because we want to include a plug in from the Wordpress plugin repository.
So here we're going to point out which plugins will be marked as required after the user downloads and
activates Arfin.
So here it includes a use A-check example we have here an example in your film uses the pre-press plugin
and having this an example you can go ahead and create our own examples for us.
Let's remove all the usage examples.
We don't need too much code here.
We don't need all of this here.
Why do we need to specify just three things.
The first one is the name of the plugin then it's luck.
And finally if the installation of the plug in we will be required are not after our theme is activated
if this last value is set to false the plug in will appear only as recommended not required.
So let's start off with our social media plugin.
Well the first complicated question to answer is how do I find out this lack of planning.
In fact that's very easy to set this field head over to the dashboard.
Click on plugins install plugins as find or social media playing.
Click on details and here in this window have the link to the plugin page in wordpress.
Or she
OK.
Now all you have to do is copy the last section of the Eurail which corresponds to dislike of the plugin.
So with that done I start setting up our fields name so show icons widget Slyke and as they seem that
we are viewed in here.
Can't work without this plugin.
I'm going to make it requires now to include the next plugin and I copy this entire array and we're
going to repeat the process the next one will be this slider plugging Let's go to the plugins page close
this I'm going to click on View details
copy the page link
and name Moto press slider Slagg
and this one will also be required.
The next one will be a contact form seven plug in I'm going to leave the plug in.
Already sat here.
And I'll go ahead and get this plug.
OK.
Ready.
And now let's plug in the responsive menu.
I'm going to just repeat the same process OK.
And there it is.
Let's save this file.
And very good you go.
We just have to test it now.
But we're going to do that only in the next lesson so.
See that.